com/carsite/carsite/web/rest/AuthenticationResource.java
 com.carsite.carsite.web.rest.AuthenticationResource
com/carsite/carsite/mapper/OrderGroupMapper.java
 com.carsite.carsite.mapper.OrderGroupMapper
com/carsite/carsite/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 com.carsite.carsite.config.SwaggerConfig
com/carsite/carsite/model/Product.java
 com.carsite.carsite.model.Product
com/carsite/carsite/model/Order.java
 com.carsite.carsite.model.Order
com/carsite/carsite/dto/LoginCredentialsDTO.java
 com.carsite.carsite.dto.LoginCredentialsDTO
com/carsite/carsite/exception/BadRequestException.java
 com.carsite.carsite.exception.BadRequestException
com/carsite/carsite/CarSiteApplication.java
 com.carsite.carsite.CarSiteApplication
com/carsite/carsite/utils/GlobalExceptionHandler.java
 com.carsite.carsite.utils.GlobalExceptionHandler
com/carsite/carsite/dto/ProductDTO.java
 com.carsite.carsite.dto.ProductDTO
com/carsite/carsite/service/AuthenticationService.java
 com.carsite.carsite.service.AuthenticationService
com/carsite/carsite/respository/UserRepository.java
 com.carsite.carsite.respository.UserRepository
com/carsite/carsite/exception/UnauthorizedException.java
 com.carsite.carsite.exception.UnauthorizedException
com/carsite/carsite/model/OrderGroup.java
 com.carsite.carsite.model.OrderGroup
com/carsite/carsite/mapper/AddressMapper.java
 com.carsite.carsite.mapper.AddressMapper
com/carsite/carsite/model/Address.java
 com.carsite.carsite.model.Address
com/carsite/carsite/mapper/OrderMapper.java
 com.carsite.carsite.mapper.OrderMapper
com/carsite/carsite/service/ProductService.java
 com.carsite.carsite.service.ProductService
com/carsite/carsite/exception/UserExistsException.java
 com.carsite.carsite.exception.UserExistsException
com/carsite/carsite/respository/OrderRepository.java
 com.carsite.carsite.respository.OrderRepository
com/carsite/carsite/respository/AddressRepository.java
 com.carsite.carsite.respository.AddressRepository
com/carsite/carsite/model/User.java
 com.carsite.carsite.model.User
com/carsite/carsite/dto/AddressDTO.java
 com.carsite.carsite.dto.AddressDTO
com/carsite/carsite/web/rest/ProductResource.java
 com.carsite.carsite.web.rest.ProductResource
com/carsite/carsite/dto/ExceptionResponseDTO.java
 com.carsite.carsite.dto.ExceptionResponseDTO
com/carsite/carsite/web/rest/UserResource.java
 com.carsite.carsite.web.rest.UserResource
com/carsite/carsite/exception/NotFoundException.java
 com.carsite.carsite.exception.NotFoundException
com/carsite/carsite/dto/OrderGroupDTO.java
 com.carsite.carsite.dto.OrderGroupDTO
com/carsite/carsite/respository/ProductRepository.java
 com.carsite.carsite.respository.ProductRepository
com/carsite/carsite/dto/UserDTO.java
 com.carsite.carsite.dto.UserDTO
com/carsite/carsite/service/UserService.java
 com.carsite.carsite.service.UserService
com/carsite/carsite/config/SecurityConfig.java
 com.carsite.carsite.config.SecurityConfig
com/carsite/carsite/mapper/UserMapper.java
 com.carsite.carsite.mapper.UserMapper
com/carsite/carsite/dto/OrderDTO.java
 com.carsite.carsite.dto.OrderDTO
com/carsite/carsite/respository/OrderGroupRepository.java
 com.carsite.carsite.respository.OrderGroupRepository
com/carsite/carsite/mapper/ProductMapper.java
 com.carsite.carsite.mapper.ProductMapper
com/carsite/carsite/web/rest/OrderResource.java
 com.carsite.carsite.web.rest.OrderResource
com/carsite/carsite/service/OrderService.java
 com.carsite.carsite.service.OrderService
